Update breadcrumbs to developer tools: integrations a-e (#43298)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/browser.markdown

### Usage

> To use this {% term action %}, select the **Actions** tab from the **Developer tools**. Choose the action *browser/browse_url* from the list of **Actions:** and enter the URL into the **data** field and select **Perform action**.

Author: ```suggestion
To use this {% term action %}, go to {% my developer_services title="**Settings** > **Developer Tools** > **Actions**" %}. Choose the action *browser/browse_url* from the list of **Actions:** and enter the URL into the **data** field and select **Perform action**.
```

> To use this {% term action %}, go to {% my developer_services title="**Settings** > **Developer Tools** > **Actions**" %}. Choose the action *browser/browse_url* from the list of **Actions:** and enter the URL into the **data** field and select **Perform action**.

Author: ```suggestion
To use this {% term action %}, go to {% my developer_services title="**Settings** > **Developer tools** > **Actions**" %}. Choose the action *browser/browse_url* from the list of **Actions:** and enter the URL into the **data** field and select **Perform action**.
```
